docs: response caching (#8345)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/performance/caching/response-caching/observability.mdx

      invalidation:
        enabled: true
        shared_key: ${env.INVALIDATION_SHARED_KEY} # Use environment variable INVALIDATION_SHARED_KEY
```

- Go to your router instance at its root URL to see Apollo Sandbox:

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="Sandbox in GraphOS Studio"
  src="../../../../images/response-cache/sandbox.png"
/>

- In Sandbox, enable the cache debugger. Click the settings button in the top left and scroll to the bottom to enable it:

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="Sandbox debugger configuration in GraphOS Studio"
  src="../../../../images/response-cache/debugger-config.png"
/>

- In the right panel, open the dropdown at the top of the response data panel and select **Cache debugger**:

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="Sandbox in GraphOS Studio"
  src="../../../../images/response-cache/sandbox-dropdown.png"
/>

- A list of cached or potentially cached entries appears. This list helps you understand the cache status of your data:
  - If the `Created at` column contains data, the value has been stored in the cache
  - If the `source` column is `products`, the data for this call was fetched from the `products` subgraph, even if it is now cached

>   - If the `Created at` column is empty, the entry hasn't been cached. This might happen for several reasons (see [Troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)). In this example, the `accounts` subgraph entry isn't cached because it contains private, uncacheable data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the `Created at` column is empty, the entry hasn't been cached. This might happen for multiple reasons (see [Troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)). In this example, the `accounts` subgraph entry isn't cached because it contains private, uncacheable data.
```

  src="../../../../images/response-cache/debugger-cache-details.png"
/>

- View the request pane for details about the original request sent to the subgraph to get the data, including the query and variables.

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="Response cache debugger details in GraphOS Studio"
  src="../../../../images/response-cache/debugger-cache-details-req.png"
/>

- Generate a `curl` command to invalidate specific data by clicking the **Invalidate** button, which opens a modal showing what you want to invalidate.

<img
  className="screenshot"
  alt="Response cache debugger invalidation in GraphOS Studio"
  src="../../../../images/response-cache/debugger-invalidate.png"
/>

## Troubleshoot

### Common reasons for cache misses

- Your subgraph doesn't return a `Cache-Control` header or returns it with the `no-store` directive.

- Your subgraph returns a `Cache-Control` header with the `private` directive, but you haven't configured a `private_id` in your response cache configuration. Private data requires a `private_id` to differentiate cache entries between users.

- You disabled response caching in the router configuration for a specific subgraph or all subgraphs.

> - Redis is unavailable or times out. Use the [metrics](#metrics), [traces](#traces), and [logs](#logs) described above to measure errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redis is unavailable or times out. Use the [metrics](#metrics), [traces](#traces), and [logs](#logs) described earlier in this page to measure errors.
```
